Add all existing native extension samples, and separate from custom components (#14)
SAP-samples/upscale-commerce-custom-component: native-extension-examples/site-access-guard/README.md

# Site Access Guard Native Extension

![Employee only screenshot](../../../../../../../documentation/assets/employee-store-blocker.png) 

## What is it?

> This Native Extension is designed to block access to a store based on a customer's "status" (consumer vs employee) which is saved as an Attribute Set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Native Extension is designed to block access to a store based on a user's data (customer vs employee) which is saved as an Attribute Set.
```
